Well, we are going to transform this
makeup that underlies us a bit
channel and we will transform it into one
more for you to see how it happens from a
look more natural or something more elaborate
so I just do not roll up I leave with
the video and with super
for this look in my eyes I'm going to
use the palette of dolce and gabbana
ramblas that is said limited and we are going to
start with a loose hair brush
applying a little bit of white shadow on
the area below the eyebrow to provide
a little bit of light and I want a texture
uniform let's also apply the
shade more orange from the palette at
length of the whole eyelid with a brush
also let directly blurred
in this case it is new fiber and kris
forgiveness of the inhabitant and we are going to blur
always very good all kinds of cuts that
they can keep us with the skewer
etc
then apply a little bit of
the same shadow on the lower eyelid
to create a grocery store effect
We also strengthen the form of the account
very gently just squeezing the
brush but to get this effect
once again we go back to clean
all the possible cuts that we have
could be with the help of the brochita
it's sweet the wire though personally
I love it for this
are erased magically both in the part
of the upper eyelid as in the lower eyelid
next with the mac bag 217
I'm going to reinforce the whole center a little bit
from the mobile eyelid to smooth past
using the entire side of the brush
and in the interior papo we will use the
tip
again we clean so everything is
totally clean in the eye this always
It is very important when creating
any smoked let's apply now
the darkest shadow of the palette with the
same 217 of mac on both sides of the
mobile eyelid that is in the part
outside in the inner part
leaving a free space just in the part
central
we go carefully without hardly squeezing
new so everything is perfectly
integrated is the makeup trick in
the eye
we will also use the same
ratio that is toward the
end of the eye with a skewer as
flat in this case the 239 and we're going to
Apply the center of the eyelid both in
the superior as the inferior a little
of the shade more pink than on the palette
that I love because it gives a shine
precious let's work it with a lot
careful also not to create hard
lines of separation between the shadow
dark and the most clarita
and if there remains a precious light effect that
I love it and it gives a touch
different to the armed the same is what
we are doing in the lower eyelid
with the 239 they also always choose the
little touches so as not to hurt the eye
again let's reinforce a little bit a
Once we have everything completed
we can go deciding if we want
increase the intensity of the shadows in
this case I'm putting a little bit more
of which was more orange by all
eyelid from the basin towards
up to create a shadow of
transition and a much more marked assembly
After the elegant and diffused time we have
this same also in the ship of
inferior always to create harmony
between the upper and lower eyelids
we take a little bit of the shadow more
dark and we place more emphasis on the area
of the account but also with this type
of loose hair brush that is going to
leave the entire finish very transparent and
uniform let's also put a
little gel eyeliner in black tone
so that it is of a duration throughout
of the water line both lower and
superior a little in the area of ​​the
top of the uader line we are going to
mark the final part of the eye that is going
to serve as a guide to me as I
like is always to do the continuation
of the water line and it comes out like
stop to our eyelid crease
we jump for the upper papacy the line
to reinforce it and mark the eye well with
the same ultra paint brooch eyeliner
little by little throughout all the
upper lashes
once we have the eye of the marking what
what we are going to do is with a shadow
black and a beveled brush we are going to
blur a little bit of the eyeliner towards
the inside of the mobile eyelid to create
a color degraded effect of the most
dark and more intense that is the eyeliner
until a little bit more clearly towards the
Upper eyelid
although much more elegant
then let's do the same
but on the lower eyelid flush with the
tabs to create this effect of the
trainer is very nice there is
do it to subtle taps for not
stain virtually nothing the area of ​​the
very careful
and of fernando also the outside
in which it joins with the lower eyelid
that totally comes together
next what we are going to do is
put a little bit of mascara
in this case I already had a little look
previous that we had done for the day
so just reinforce it so much in
the upper lashes as inferior
let's mark a little eyebrow in this
what I do is use a tone
slightly darker than in the video
previously I was carrying the product and
now we are using the most tone
home
let's eliminate a bit the excess
and hair that is brought from possible
daylight and let's put the lipstick
cross wise that has a watermelon tone
precious you could have left the look
smoked simply with the natural lip
if so you like it but good too
I wanted to mark a little more the plane
this tone is a kind of red
watermelon raspberry I already tell you that I
love to mix it with one eye
quality we will now correct the areas
of the successions or areas in which
we need more coverage for what
I'm going to mix two tones of the pronoun ar
reconciled topic
in this case I apply it with a brush of
natural hair also quite long
hair for directly uniform already
directly the blur as you can
see while it covers us left us a
Perfect skin finish effect
let's apply a little rouge
to reinforce the one we already had
we are going through a day look one of
night and I'm using the tone
Facebook
of interest and sirens that I like
very much
also cooks great with the tone of the
shadows and lips
today we are going to apply an illuminator a
little bit more powerful since it is for
a more sugary look and we're going to apply the
Cinesta process it from Charlotte Tilbury
in the areas of light that we want
highlight as above the cheekbones the
you are a little bit more for nobody like that
as in the interior of the lacrimal
part of the eye cream to give a
point of light right in the center of the
look and also in the cupid arch
on top of our upper lip for
that reflects the light there well here you can
see the result of what you have finished
and nothing else I hope you liked the
video and you put it into practice of measures
and nothing else that is easy to spend the day 1
it has been spectacular there is a chasm
I'm basically a living dead but
good
the important thing is to leave new for the
collection model to the make-up artist and
as I always say subscribe to my channel
up down for I like that said
above and share it with actions
people in the always these steps of
utility and nothing else we see in the
next video a little kiss
then you can